# Using the XMLParser Helper Class

##Overview
This application allows you to submit XML to MX, validates the response, and displays the response XML. The sample project uses the XML Parser library that was discussed in the XML Handling section of this documentation.

>Note: This application only works on Zebra branded devices

##Sample Location
This sample can be found in the `[MDM Install folder]\Samples\MDMTester` folder.

##Adding XML
To add xml create an XML file (as described in using the [DSDToXmlTool](../xml/generate)) in the folder "assets/XML". Then recompile and deploy the application to the device.

##Using the APP
1. Select the xml file you would like to submit to MX from the XML List spinner.
2. Click "Submit"
3. Review result.

## Overview

This application allows you to submit XML to MX, validates the response, and displays the response XML. The sample project uses the XML Parser library that was discussed in the [XML Handling section](../xml/xmlparser) of this documentation.

> Note:  
> This application only works on Zebra branded devices

## Sample Location
This sample can be found in the `[MDM Install folder]\Samples\MDMTester` folder:

## Adding XML 

To add xml create an XML file (as described in [using the DSDToXmlTool](../xml/generate)) in the folder "assets/XML". Then recompile and deploy the application to the device.

## Using the APP

1. Select the xml file you would like to submit to MX from the XML List spinner. 
2. Click "Submit"
3. Review result. 

